# Avionics Graphics Hardware Performance Prediction with Machine Learning

This GitHub completes a paper presented in the Hindawi journal (link to the article coming soon...) where we propose to replace expensive development platforms by a predictive software running on a desktop computer. More precisely, we present a system design tool that helps predict the rendering performance of graphical hardware based on the OpenGL Safety Critical SC API. First, we create non-parametric models of the underlying hardware, with machine learning, by analyzing the instantaneous frames-per-second (FPS) of the rendering of a synthetic 3D scene and by drawing multiple times with various characteristics that are typically found in synthetic vision applications. The number of characteristic combinations used during this supervised training phase is a subset of all possible combinations, but performance predictions can be arbitrarily extrapolated. To validate our models, we render an industrial scene with characteristic combinations not used during the training phase and we compare the predictions to those real values. We find a median prediction error of less than 4 FPS.

As our method includes two important experimental steps: dataset generation and machine learning, we foresee that third parties may want to reproduce experimentally either one or both of these experimental steps by using our dataset or by regenerating their own datasets to train the neural network.

To generate our training dataset, we used our procedurally generated 3D scenes, and you may either want to create your own rendering tool following our specifications or we could make the code available on demand. To generate the validation dataset, we rendered a private 3D scene not available to the public, but any 3D scene consisting of a rendered heightfield could be used instead. Currently, we provide our raw datasets: the performance data generated by our tool for both 3D scenes, raw and unsmoothed.

Using our datasets or with a dataset generated by a third party, the actual training of performance models can be reproduced. You will have to smooth the data as described using the LOESS algorithm and used the Matlab Curve Fitting Toolbox to achieve this. Then, you will  have to generate the performance models with the Neural Network ToolBox. Our Matlab code could also be made available on demand.

For any additional information or if you would like having access to the rendering code or Matlab code, please send an e-mail to guy.bois at polymtl.ca.

                                                                                                                                Guy Bois
