# How to use this dataset

-	This dataset was generated using our 3d rendering application presented in 
	the article and records the IFPS in function of the percentage of the 
	scene drawn.

-	Two datasets are provided for two different GPUs: Quadro FX570 and GTX 275.
	Each datasets contains two sub sets of data: one for training the models
	and one for validating them.

- 	The TrainingSet folder contains the performance data outputted by our 
	3D rendering application for the our procedurally generated scene. 
	This is the data used to generate/train the performance models.
	
-	The ValidationSet folder contains the performance data outputted by 
	our 3D rendering application for our validation scene. This is the data used 
	to validate/test the accuracy and precision of the performance models.
	
- 	Each of their subfolders represent the IFPS data generated by having one scene 
	parameter varying (grid size, sceeen, size, texture, size or tile resolution) 
	while the other parameters are fixed.Each of these folders contain two text 
	file: one metadata file enumerating the values of the varying parameter, and 
	another one containing the actual data in comma-separated values.
	
-	In the data files, each pairs of lines represent the data generated for every 
	frames of one rendering pass of the scene for one value of the varying parameter.	
	The first line of each pair represents the IFPS by frame, while the second line 
	represents the percentage of the whole scene drawn by frame. 
	
-	The metadata file contains one paragraph per pair of lines (so per value of the 
	varying parameter) and they should be associated to the corresponding pair of line
	in the data file in the same order.	Each of these paragraphs indicate the values 
	used for every parameters for every rendering pass.
